test: add generic frame transform test (#111)
open-space-collective/open-space-toolkit-physics: test/OpenSpaceToolkit/Physics/Coordinate/Frame/Providers/Transforms/README.md

# Transformation Validation Files

> This folder contains reference frame transformation validation files. They are name following the pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains reference frame transformation validation files. Their name is following the pattern:
```

`Frame1_Frame1_generator.csv`

And they describe the time dependent transformation that goes from `Frame1` to `Frame2`, as obtained from a 3rd party (`generator`).

Each row in the file represents a transformation in time:

- `Gregorian TAI` the date of the transformation in Gregorian calendar, TAI time scale (e.g. `1 Jan 2020 00:00:00.000`).
- `x (m),y (m),z (m)` the translation (meters).
- `vx (m/s),vy (m/s),vz (m/s)` the relative velocity (meters/s).
- `q1,q2,q3,q4` orientation quaternion.
- `wx (rad/s),wy (rad/s),wz (rad/s)` relative angular velocity (rad/s).

## STK

> STK file have been generated following these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
STK files have been generated following these steps:
```

Author: Done!
